update Search and Discover content with IN search (#3410)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/discover-queries/query-builder.mdx

Use `OR` and `AND` search conditions between filters. However `OR` cannot be used between aggregate and non-aggregate filters. For more details about these conditions, see [Using `OR` and `AND`](/product/sentry-basics/search/#using-or-and-and).

> You can also search multiple values on the same key without an operator, and the search terms automatically use an `OR` operator. For example, "x:value1 x:value2" is the same as "x:value1 `OR` x:value2". For more details, go to [Multiple Values on the Same Key](product/sentry-basics/search/#multiple-values-on-the-same-key).

Author: ```suggestion
You can also search multiple values on the same key without an operator, and the search terms automatically use an `OR` operator. For example, "x:value1 x:value2" is the same as "x:value1 `OR` x:value2". For more details, go to [Multiple Values on the Same Key](/product/sentry-basics/search/#multiple-values-on-the-same-key).
```

> You can also search multiple values on the same key without an operator, and the search terms automatically use an `OR` operator. For example, "x:value1 x:value2" is the same as "x:value1 `OR` x:value2". For more details, go to [Multiple Values on the Same Key](/product/sentry-basics/search/#multiple-values-on-the-same-key).

Reviewer: Hmm might be missing context here, but I think this is incorrect 
`x:value1 x:value2` is still equivalent to `x:value1 AND x:value2` so i think this should read:
```suggestion
You can also search multiple values on the same key without an operator, and the search terms automatically use an `OR` operator. For example, "x:[value1, value2]" is the same as "x:value1 `OR` x:value2". For more details, go to [Multiple Values on the Same Key](/product/sentry-basics/search/#multiple-values-on-the-same-key).
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, `x:value1 x:value2` is equivalent to `x:value1 and x:value2`, and so will return no results.

> You can also search multiple values on the same key without an operator. When you don't specify, the search terms automatically use an `OR` operator. For example, "x:[value1, value2]" will find the same results as "x:value1 `OR` x:value2". You can learn more in our content covering [Multiple Values on the Same Key](/product/sentry-basics/search/#multiple-values-on-the-same-key).

Reviewer 3: This sounds confusing to me:
- Not sure what `without an operator` means, I'd just remove it
- "When you don't specify" - specify what? My first instinct is to read this as "what happens when you don't specify AND/OR", and what happens is we use AND, not OR, which is the opposite of what is suggested

My suggestion would be something like: "You can also search multiple values for the same key by putting the values in a list, e.g. x:[value1, value2], which will find the same results as `x:value1 OR x:value2`".

Reviewer 3: Oh by without an operator we mean without using AND/OR? Can we call that out explicitly then? Since I don't think "operator" is a standard word for those keywords

> You can also search multiple values on the same key without an operator. When you don't specify, the search terms automatically use an `OR` operator. For example, "x:[value1, value2]" will find the same results as "x:value1 `OR` x:value2". You can learn more in our content covering [Multiple Values on the Same Key](/product/sentry-basics/search/#multiple-values-on-the-same-key).

Author: ```suggestion
You can also search multiple values for the same key by putting the values in a list. For example, "x:[value1, value2]" will find the same results as "x:value1 `OR` x:value2". You can learn more in our content covering [Multiple Values on the Same Key](/product/sentry-basics/search/#multiple-values-on-the-same-key).
```
